General Tips:

    Player's main goal in game is finding one true criminal, making right or wrong identikits in 
    a process. To do that, it is necessary to find 4 true identikit parts.

        Note: Identikit consists of 4 parts: upper head, lower head, hair and mustaches. All parts 
        are marked with unique 3-symbol hints. First symbol of the true criminal hint corresponds 
        to the 1-symbol of the case clue. 

    Dialogs labeled with 'YOU' (your player characters thoughts) can help you to understand what to do.
    After talking to BOSS at the beginning, your thought will contain one symbol - first clue of the case.

    First of all, you need to go to Archive and make a suspect's identikit with parts, stored in it. 
    Find part with 3-symbol hint, containing first clue of the case and select it by pressing Down Arrow 
    button.
 
        Note: You may or not fill all four parts to test an identikit, it's up to player.

    Then, press Try button (X). You will notice, that 'magnifying glass' image appears above player's 
    sprite. It means you have a try on the identikit.

    After that, you need to go to the Office and get to Your Computer. This screen shows: on the top 
    your investigated 1-symbol clues, on the right your investigated 3-symbol hints. Image at the 
    center of the screen shows identikit's parts, selected in the Archive by player.

        Note: Investigated 3-symbol hint are locked (marked with 'orange star'). They will be 
        automatically added to your further tries.

        Note: You can track investigated clues and hints on this screen.

    Press Make button (X). Image above player's sprite now changes to the 'script' image. It means 
    that you made an identikit with your choice of the parts.

    Now you have an identikit. Go to the Duty Officer Rob and send out an identikit. After end of 
    the conversation dialog box tells you, that you may go to Jail to interrogate detained suspects.

    You have four [?] on the Interrogation screen. These are detained suspect's identikit parts. You 
    can check if it is a corresponding to clue hint or not (YES means corresponding, NO! means not) by 
    pressing Right Arrow on each part. If you haven't got this hint investigated, new clue will be added 
    to investigated clues. If you already have clue, the hint will be added to investigated hints and 
    locked on the future identikits made by player.

    If all suspects tell you nothing, you may check station entrance near Duty Officer Rob's place. 
    Witness may come to help you. He or she can give you a new clue on the case.

        Note: Try to remember symbols (at least, only first symbol), it will help you to select right 
        identikit part in Archive.

    When 4 true criminal parts are found, you will need to make his identikit to catch him. Then 
    interrogate him.

    This is the main game loop. You discover new clues by making identikits. You find new hints in the 
    Archive with new clues and make identikits again.
